# Table of Contents

1.  [meeting minutes](#org60a35ee)
    1.  [meeting 2019.09.04 (first)](#org89a7951)
        1.  [project 1 report](#org735a571)
        2.  [functionality of sprint 1](#org3fe468d)


<a id="org60a35ee"></a>

# meeting minutes


<a id="org89a7951"></a>

## meeting 2019.09.04 (first)

-   going over project pdf as group
    -   discussing tech stack
    -   going over sprint assignments
    -   going over normal assignments
-   discussing the actual structure of sprint 1
    -   requirements
    -   user stories
    -   what submission might look like
    -   discussion of who gets to do what
    -   discussion of when to meet, general availability
        -   Sam will be gone from 9th through 19th
        -   Elias will be gone through the 12th - 14th


<a id="org735a571"></a>

### TODO project 1 report

-   want to get scrum documentation done
-   get general idea down by end of this friday (2019.09.06)
    -   structure of the project
    -   how to use the frameworks/libraries involved (personal research/reading
        per individual)
        -   Neon for rust
        -   node.js
        -   potentially express.js
-   generating cards, user stories


<a id="org3fe468d"></a>

### TODO functionality of sprint 1

-   finish the functional/technical components of the project
-   TBD
